
URLs and Brief - RedBook Warranty
--------------
RedBook Warranty URL
What is RedBook Warranty?
Product Rules Matrix
Warranty Inspection Rules / Schedules
RedBook Questionnaire API links

APIs to test - Postman
--------------
RedBook Web - Read first
Questionnaire API
Warranty policy API
Warranty Inspection API
Get tests in the build
API Tests from Postman

Warranty Offer test cases
--------------
Test Warranty Inspection
Pathways to warranty

Warranty quote
--------------
Warranty Quote Email
I need to think about it email not sent to email account. Fill out warranty and request a email back
Test the order of webpage results

Membership Integration
--------------
Test login
Extra questions asked when logged in

Bugs
--------------
t&c update on redbook.com.au
Choose product page
Step 6 needs validation
Format change
word change
in warranty, on step 6 it asks for your actual odometer reading... what happens if you enter a value that is outside the odometer range you entered in step 2?  e.g. you say your car is 0-125,000km, but then your actual odometer is 156,000 ?  Will we validate this?
Copy change
spell check
Move button
Add email to thank you page
IE > when selecting from dropdown, when it is covering the 'Find Vehicle' button, it is showing the blocker symbol while doing selection
Purchase button is not activated automatically as the fields are completed
Copy change - In all instances where an inspection is compulsory
Entering invalid Credit card details results in infinite loading screen
Link to video from FAQ

RBW Membership Bugs
--------------
Trying to sign up with new email address shows user already exists and has inconsistent flow afterwards.
Server error when trying to link accounts
After user resets password via forgot password link, server error page displayed
Able to login to redbook warranty using a account which is flagged as "Notme"
RBW>Create account page>TC , privacy policy and member communication link do not work
Visit member centre link on account verification url redirects to server error page as redbook does not have a dashboard (only mobi )
Member account creation on redbook should trigger two emails . 1. Welcome email 2. Verify your account email

Enhancement
--------------
return url gets lost on mobi when click on forgot password, and in the code it's checking if return url endswith 'app:' ?
Unable to proceed after stepd 6 even after entering valid details. Seeing errors in console  that content not loading over https.
Overlapping text and button when resizing window
TC and privacy policy link on member verification url redirects to carsales sign in page (only mobi)
RedBook Warranty/Inspection API > Postcode > 2898
No option for user to sign out and log in as another person
Calendar to enter DOB shows unclickable dates that are out of range
Browser back button should also work when we want to go to previous page
Where do I find my VIN?
Alert to incorrect phone formatting and give an example of acceptable phone number
we should have an error message or it should show red box when the mandatory fields are not selected
Questionnaire > What date did you purchase car?
iPad (iOS10) Safari : Get Warranty Quote/View Packages buttons don't scroll to proper form
No check in rego,odometer and Vin
No validation if first name and last name entered is numbers
Improvement > Checkout page > Include RedBook Inspection if it's purchased together with the warranty
Consider ability to tab between fields
km validation
Back button refreshes
Additional services copy change
full stop

Fixed Bugs
--------------
Mobi > step 6> UI issue> Tick mark overlaps with state dropdown arrow.
email quotes return url
send quote email backend validation bug
fail to purchase
payOrder error propertyName
Email the quotes
Navigate from email to the purchase page / quote page
5 Year warranty email does not have "Complete Purchase" option

All good - good to go!!!
--------------
Test the Questionnaire
Test with multiple brands of cars with same km and age range
Test multiple cars of same brand with same km and price range
Do smoke 200OK for all endpoints
Test different pathways (combos) from questionnaire based on the Product Rules matrix . - No PreInspection Code provided scenarios
Unable to proceed after step 5 when postcode address in step 5 does not match with postcode entered on step2. No validation displayed and user does not know what should be rectified on the page to proceed
Unable to login or join using google plus account
Unable to proceed after step5 due to postcode validation
Sign in / sign up using Google+ throws 404 error
Forgot password link does not trigger reset password email
Create account on mobi redirects to error page
Member creation does not trigger welcome email and email verification email
Sign in on mobi redirects to error page. Same issue as create account

Purchase Warranty - blocked
--------------
Payment Methods
Terms and Conditions
Purchase warranty page contains correct details of the selected car along with correct price as quoted in mail
No inspection required - straight to OK email
Inspection required - send "Inspection Booked" email and calls RBI api to book inspection
Inspection Passed email
Limited warranty email
No warranty offered email
Test refund option
Able to see your purchased warranty details (no UI - but it should be present when queried for a user's details from api?)
Test in multiple browsers
